my life is great. I know you believe that. That's why it's so funny to me. Like you really love
your life. And I love it for you. It's taking amazing. So it's 10 years of art that do it for you. Go ahead.
I gotta just my white balance. I look kind of dead. Oh yeah. Like a little gray. A little gray.
Maybe maybe you're a little dead. Maybe we're all dead. I adjusted it when I was recording the
video. The thing we published yesterday. Yeah. You wanted to look a little dead for that one.
Yeah. Yeah. Let's talk about it. So SST ion is. This is the general availability. What is this?
Because there's been a few releases. It was kind of like kind of available. Now it's really
available. It's funny. And I wonder if we're doing this wrong because every other company is
like a hundred percent secretive until they like launch it. Which I get because it makes a bigger
impact. And it's like you don't spread out the you don't like dilute the excitement at all. Yeah as
much. But we just can't help talking about shit. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just excited about stuff
I'm working on. I'm just like I just want to constantly talk about it. And that has like different
benefits. But yeah, it does feel like there's like endless releases. Yeah, in that sense. But
yeah, I think for us, we were just we were just working in public. So if you were watching our docs
and watching our commits and looking at the repo, like you could use all of it this whole time.
Hashtag built in public. I think we're doing the indie hacker strategy.
Except people actually care. Oh man, shots fired so early in the podcast. I prefer the
way you guys do it. I mean, I like knowing, but it does raise the question. I'm constantly like,
wait, should I be? Can I use this? Yeah, exactly. Is it ready for me? But now there's a YouTube
video. So I feel like I should use it now. It's it's really out there. Yeah, there's like, I mean,
I think the downside is it feels like a bunch of false starts, which maybe we'll try it differently
for the next one. But we'll see. Oh yeah. So we're calling this generally available.
To be honest, it's because we don't want to call it a 1.0 because we're not like that
confident. And we don't want to say like, ah, it's stable because we're not that confident.
Yeah, we are. But like we need that we give us like a couple of weeks where people are actually
using it and nothing crazy happens. But yeah, so it's generally available, which is great,
because I know a lot of people were waiting on it. It's been amazing to see how many people have
one already been using it just from just people that are really excited, like found ways to use
it even though we haven't documented it. They even found ways to use stuff that we didn't technically
supply, we're going to support, but we didn't technically support. And so somebody was like,
Oh, I want to like spin up an upstairs queue. And obviously with ion, like we're going to help you
spin up everything. Yeah, I forgot to do one little thing to make that easier. And someone
replied with like a perfect way to use that even though we didn't intentionally supply,
they found a way to use it anyway. Yeah. And this keeps happening over and over. Like people are
like finding clever ways to do things that we didn't foresee or we did foresee and we haven't
actually supported it yet. It feels like it feels like the community is like water. And like, you
know, when you like spill water, it gets in like every crack. It feels like it feels like they're
like flowing into like every crack and every groove and figuring everything out. So that's
the benefit of the open thing, right? Like you guys can get functionality. I mean, even if it's not
like PRs or whatever, but like the community's eyes on stuff early just opens up all kinds of
awareness for you guys, I think. Yeah, that's exactly why we do it. Because there's just,
that's a benefit of open source. You can like really scale out some stuff that you just can't
do internally. So yeah, people found all kinds of bugs. We did get a bunch of PR too, which have
been great. Oh, yeah. So we for yesterday, we wanted to do like, okay, like this, this is going to
feel like a normal launch. So of course, we always do one of our videos, which yeah, I was kind of
close to my this morning where our videos have constraints, because I can only allocate so much
time for it. So this one that we did yesterday, I was like, okay, Monday's gonna be the day that I
do it. I just sat and I filmed and edited it at the same time as I like I would like record
some stuff, edit it, see how it went, then I would throw more stuff than like, I would kind of do it all
together. Interesting. Yeah. And that works because I didn't have time to spend like really fleshing
out a script ahead of time and really thinking at things through, I needed like try it as I went
along. And like, a lot of it wasn't good at first. And I like thought of new lines and like,
rerecorded and stuff. But I like it. I like the way you write these things. It's always like,
Oh, Dax can do that. Like, it's like a whole second skill you have. You should all the talent
show at React Miami. You should write a little, a little, I don't know. What is what would you
write? I was thinking about that. Michelle mentioned there's a talent show, the opening party and I
fruit. And she hasn't mentioned anything about it. She hasn't like asked anyone. I don't know if
that's what's happening. I hope anybody signed up for it. Yeah. Huh. Was is there a signup? I don't
know. Maybe it's just a spontaneous get up on the stage. Show your talents. That actually makes
sense. Maybe I'll just, I was thinking about, yeah, I can just get up on stage for five minutes
and like roast everyone. Just roast. I can possibly imagine your skill. And everyone knows you have
that skill. I guess it's kind of the same part of your brain, probably, as these like comedy
sketches that you're able to write, which is always surprising to me. Yeah. Yeah. This one was,
I think the format. So again, we're very constrained, which is good in one sense, because we're not
professional comedy writer. So if you gave us like infinite time and budget, I think we would just
be completely lost. So it's always constrained to like, what can I do at my desk talking to the
camera? That's like, you know, somewhat funny. But with this one, what, the way I went about it was
like, oh, let me think of every annoying question we're going to get. Or like, just predict every
single thing that's going to come up and get ahead of it. Yeah. And let me just give you like a
dumb ass response to every single thing. Because the one that really sticks out is the, like,
what's the point of SST? Like, why can't you see this plume? Like, we've been getting this question
for so long. I think I asked you that question. It's a reasonable question. It's just like,
we first started as a thin rapper over CDK from day one, like, and myself too. Okay, when I first
found SST, I was like, this is cool, but I'm going to try to stick to CDK. I don't want to use like
a, use like a rapper. And then eventually I just got sucked in. I think that's what happens to
everyone. So that's like a constant thing. And I'm like, oh, we're going to have to go through
this again, because we're starting off again on top of a new thing. Yeah. And like, yeah, we'll be
less than in the future, but we are kind of thin right now. But yeah, when that's come up,
the benchmark stuff, I thought was also a classic thing. Like we put so much effort into the speed and
we're, it's like, we hope people know this faster, but like, there's a lot of cases where it's still
slow. Yeah. Did you see the cloud formation announcement that like this 40 percent faster?
Yeah. Okay. One, that was a longest blog post I've ever seen for something so basic.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The, the, you know, the concept they did was good. It was,
they're going to add an intermediary state for resources. So when a resource is created,
like it's been sent to AWS scheduled to be created, it gets an intermediary state instead of waiting
for it to fully be like created and replicated and all that. Once it's in that intermediary state,
other resources that depend on it can assume that it'll probably come up so they can, they can go.
So it like it's, it's less blocking, very straightforward. But for some reason,
it included like a full tutorial on how to build a new application on cloud formation.
And I was like, this is so long. I just want to know what they did. So that was, that was a good
improvement. I think, I think, uh, yeah, like, like other IAC tools should like probably have
something like that. They kind of already do, but I think they could do a little bit more
specifically. Um, so yes, we did see that, but then we go to use it and it's just so slow.
Well, yeah, I mean, I know there's so many reasons that you guys made the movie did that are not
just performance, like, yeah, just the speed or the pain of cloud formation deployments.
Yeah, I'm excited. I'm excited to play with it. I'm, I'm, it's going to be a big part of,
I'm working on a course, as you know, yeah, and filming this morning, actually. Oh, wow.
And it's going to be, I'm so excited that I on is timing out, like I'm so slow at making things.
And now that we're done. And I on is ready and I can just make my course on I on instead of
anything else. I'm pumped pro AWS.dev. Just a little chill. If you guys want to check it out,
you can sign up. Yeah, I actually think it's going to be especially good for your course.
Cause the one thing that I'm actually really proud of is how much we removed where it's like a single
thing and a single config file. And that's all you to know, like, yeah, no NPM packages, no, like,
split your stuff up into stacks. Like none of that. Like stuff you don't really need to know.
That concept is so like, I hate it. It's a hard time to explain that people do it's like,
why do you have to split it? Okay. But then like, how do I split it? It's just like a leaked
extra traction or something. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So, uh, yeah, a lot of people comment to like,
wow, this is so simple. And I'm like, so glad that came through, like, especially getting rid of
like all the NPM confusions where it's like, okay, SSTs, then this version. And that needs a very
specific version of AWS and Eclipse. So if they're out of sync, then certain their types are going
to be messed up. And yeah, it's, uh, we're really focusing on simplicity this time around.
What is the escape hatch again? It's just terraform providers. Like, can any terraform provider work?
How does that? Yeah. So it's, it's funny. Like everyone makes fun of web because it's just like
layers of shit on top of each other. Like, like Nux is built on nitro, which is built on top of
each, which is built. Yeah. So we always make fun of that. But then if you look at this stuff,
it's pretty similar where, uh, SST use Pulumi for infrastructure as code, but Pulumi really
mostly invented like the state management and like the language bindings and how all that stuff
works. And like really clever design around that. But for the actual stuff that like calls API's,
calls, AWS calls, whatever, they mostly rely on terraform providers. So you can adapt a terraform
provider to work inside Pulumi. And most of the things that are in the Pulumi registry are
like source from terraform providers, which is smart because you tap into the existing ecosystem.
You don't like fragmented, which is great. Yeah. And they do have some native ones. So if you look at
their registry, a lot of stuff that you need is there. Um, even like newer stuff, like I was
surprised to see that Upstash had, uh, had stuff in the Pulumi registry. And then any terraform
provider that's not, but it hasn't been adapted, there is a process to adapt it. And we're probably
going to spend a bunch of time like doing that for people for stuff that is not in there.
So did you show me something where like, I can, what was the thing you showed me where like I could
create some kind of binding for any thing I want to find resources? Yeah, the linkable thing.
Is that a terraform? Yeah. So we rename binding to link. No, that that's actually,
if you think of what, okay, go and that's a question of why wouldn't you just use Pulumi
directly? Uh, really the only thing we actually invented is a concept of linking. That's like our
main feature. But when we haven't documented this yet, uh, but we now have a way to like flag any
resource, let's say you're like, Oh, I'm creating a Redis instance in Upstash. Uh, I want to link
this to my functions. You can like market linkable and say what fields should get exposed to the
function and everything will work. Uh, but that's not documented yet because we're going to finalize
API, but we will do that. I like the word link over bind. By the way, binding was always kind of
confusing to me. You know, we had to switch. It's just, it, when you actually go through design,
some of this stuff, it's like really funny what you have to consider. Cloudflare natively has a
concept called binding. Oh, so if we're going to support Cloudflare, it's very confusing because
there's like a cloud fighting in our binding. So that forced the change, but then we're like,
okay, link is the verb. What are the things that get linked? And that was like a whole conversation,
like resources get linked. And it was, we spent like days on it literally. Yeah. But yeah,
I think it's a, it's a better word. It sounds like lighter. Yeah, I like it. I'm excited, excited for
I on. Yeah, it's a new era. Do you feel like a weight lifted after this release or is it like it's
same old, same old every day right now? I'll feel a weight lifted once we get all the Cloudflare
stuff done. Because right now we is roughly a lateral move, like obviously, like infinite things
are better, but capability wise, it's roughly the same capabilities. Yeah. But once we do native
Cloudflare support, then then it's going to be cool. You guys launched your docs, right? Yeah.
Is there a document for migration? I'm assuming. No. No. Okay.
Because we we explicitly say this is best for new projects right now. Yeah.
Yeah. So probably can't move my big repo over to this right now. We're going to do that for you
most likely. Oh, you're going to do it for me? Like a pull request? Yeah, because we we're going to
work through our own stuff. And then we're going to work through your stuff. And that's going to be
how we we like figure out what the migration process should be, what tools are missing, etc.
So lucky for you. I love it. Lucky for me. So excited.
Again, the benefit of just randomly making your shit open source, like you have to we can just
decide to do that in our own without any coordination on your own. I love it so much.
Okay. What's what's going on? I feel like I've been disconnected for a while.
Is there anything going on right now? I don't think it's funny because like we usually talk
about other news, but this week, like we were kind of the news. So we just we went over the news.
It was you. Is there anything else going on? I feel like the only thing I see on Twitter is people
angry about people's on Twitter or something. I don't know or angry about it not being fun.
I was talking about that, but I'm not seeing that. I'm not either.
And I thought I was just because I'm not on Twitter enough. But like, what are people's timelines
look like right now? There's a lot of talk about Twitter not being fun anymore.
Whenever I see things that this comes up every once in a while, and whenever I'm like,
not on the same page as that, I feel good because I feel like, okay, I like curated the right,
the right level where I'm not seeing all this stuff that's annoying other people.
I mean, we have there were a few things. I guess we talk about Astro DB.
Oh, we have talked about Astro DB was this week. Oh, I didn't see anything about torso.
Yeah, they did a launch week. Okay. So, so, so, so, so, I don't know. I'm going to be honest.
I think companies should stop doing launch weeks. Very few companies, especially startups have
enough stuff for a launch week. You're better off doing a launch day and just like being like,
boom, here's everything we've got. Yeah. Like AWS, when they do kind of like pre-invent or
reinvent and it's a whole week of launches, that makes sense. There's a lot, a lot of stuff in AWS.
But yeah, if you're a startup, it'd be tough to have enough noise for a whole week.
And Fred said, Fred said for him for Astro, they see it more as a way to like coordinate and plan,
as opposed to actually caring about the actual week. But still, I just feel like it's just hard,
like, I think, okay. So, and then Terso, Terso, Terso, I don't know.
I'm so glad I questioned the pronunciation. Terso, Terso.
In the SQLite as a service companies launch week, they had some really interesting stuff there.
But then by day three, it was like, we have HIPAA and SOC 2 support and we'll sign BAA.
That's not enough for all the day. That's a tough one to announce. How many people were like,
oh, they didn't already? Oh, no. Take this down. So they had some interesting stuff.
So I always talk about, because they are trying to, one of the things that their architecture enables
is doing things like having a database per customer, which has some benefits.
And I've done this in the past specifically, and I thought that's a bunch, but I've done this
in the past when I was in healthcare. We would sign customers and each customer was worth
like six figures a year, intense security process, like all that stuff. So to make it simple,
we just deployed a database, it's actually a file-based database per customer. So we can just say,
your data is isolated, it's in its own thing, whatever makes those conversations easier.
And that was great, but there were a lot of downsides that you're just used to being able
to query across your data sets. You used to be able to do schema changes across all your customers.
It just comes with a lot of overhead. There's a lot I don't reach for that pattern unless it's
really, really required. But for so, added some features to help with that. So they added the
ability to have a primary database. And if you apply schema changes to that, it gets applied
to all the databases. Or if you have a thousand databases, it's one step. And they also added
this ability to query across them. That one, though, I don't think is actually going to work
that well if I understand it right. But anyway, point being is they're trying to
address this. If they're trying to push this idea of you can do this pattern, they need to solve
some of these problems. So I think those two things are great, great things to launch,
but just do it all in one day. Yeah, yeah, that's a one day announcement.
Well, I need to go back to the torso thing, because there's been so much buzz on SQLite.
Like, torso literally uses SQLite. It's literally like that file that's like your database.
Yeah, it's a fork of SQLite called libSQL, which adds a bunch of replication features.
Okay, so I have, I've seen people even not using torso talking about the benefits. Well,
Kinsey Dodds talks about it with Epic Web, the benefits of SQLite and people do it like at the edge.
My question is like, is it, does it force that pattern where every edge node is its own
database? And then how does that work? Do they replicate? Like, do you interact with this thing
like you would a normal database, now I'm speaking specifically to torso? Do you like,
just query it? And it's just a database? Or is it like, you have to choose which database you're
querying? Because this is so confusing to me, you just choose it. So if we look at who's doing
this, it's, it's what's for cells one, Li has their own stuff with light Fs. And then CloudFlare
is not offering like any traditional SQL databases are only offering CloudFlare D1,
which is a SQLite based thing. And obviously, all their stuff is like crazy as replicated and stuff.
So yeah, in a lot of ways, it looks like a normal database. It's you have a thing that you can
sell to 10 SQL statements to their schema, all of that. The fact that it replicates to me is like,
a bonus. I think bonus is even overstating. I think it's a thing you can do, right? It's
a thing you can do. But it's similarly like you guys use Postgres. Do you guys have read replicas?
Yeah. Yeah, our rides and our reads are split. And we have a few replicas on the read side.
So it's it's just that. Wait, it's just that. Okay, so there's one writer.
There's only one like writer node. And where does that live? Is that at the edge? Because like,
no, it can't be, right? Because that's to be at a single location. Okay, so it's in some region,
and then it just every it's just read replicas and every node, every like edge location. Yep,
exactly. Okay, well, that makes way more sense. Yeah, yeah. So all the rights are still having to go
back to one central writer instance. That that's the thing I was hung up on. It's like, if all of these
are just like individual SQLite files living on the edge, where's the sort of truth? And how is that
how does that work? Okay, that makes a lot more sense. I do think though that I think the replica
thing is a little overstated. I get why these companies talk about that a lot because it's like
a key differentiator because you can have like 1000 replicas. And that's cool. But it like just
comes with a lot of complexity. Like I get there's the advantages, but most people have never even
deployed Postgres with a single read replica. The only reason we have read replicas is we use
serverless v2 and there's a ceiling on how much that can scale. Yeah, so by splitting up our rights
and then having multiple readers, we just raise the ceiling. It doesn't increase our cost really.
I mean, there's a little bit of additional cost for each instance, I guess, but it's really just
raising the ceiling of how much compute we can scale to because in our peak times, we use more
than one like 128 ACU instance to provide. Yeah, like your writer, your right, your rights are
capped. We can scale the reads right. And we're not close to hitting our right like the 128 ACUs.
Yeah, there's like this natural phenomenon where most high scale things tend to be
read heavy. Yeah, like public stuff, you know, more writer, more recent writers.
Yeah, even if we had a lot of like interactivity stuff that where the users are writing to the
database, like that's a percentage of your users that actually do that stuff. But we mostly all
of our rights are mostly internal, like it's our stuff, writing stats to databases and stuff like that.
And then the reading is just generating pages. So yeah, by like a ton, reads is our much heavier
workload. Yeah, it's like nice that the world works that way that most people are lurkers,
small percentage of writers and that like trickles all the way down into the
when it comes to database architecture. Yeah. Yeah. So keep lurking. Don't get any ideas here.
Don't start clicking on everything. Yeah, we need to be a creator. We can't handle it.
No, exactly. But yeah, so I would say most people haven't even gotten to that point.
I think even read replicas are like a so small percentage of projects. Sure. So that's why I
think focusing on replicas is a little weird because it is tricky for someone that's 100% used to
having a single like primary database node that does both to switch because in your case,
it's probably fine because like you said, most rights are happening internally.
But there's all kinds of weird stuff where like if you have a comment section and like you press
enter to submit a comment and the page reloads all the comments, it might pull it from the reader,
which hasn't have, which hasn't replicated your right yet and a little like your right hasn't
showed up. So that read read after right thing. So I'm not saying it's like impossible, which is
like a new thing you have to think about. Yeah. And then when you have, you know, lots of replicas,
like hundreds of them, it just becomes a bigger question. In practice, I think what it ends up
looking like is you have a database per customer, whatever, like it's really just like a couple
people every single database. It's never like experiencing anything crazy. Yeah. So I can see
how it works, but yeah, I don't know. To me, there's just a lot of like things that come up,
right? Like you guys can just plug in BI tools, plug in ETL tools to get that data out into other
places, do queries, like support the operations of your company. Like there's a lot of things
that come up when you're starting to use some of these more like exotic database offerings.
Yeah, so there's a lot of like buzz. I mean, I know people that are into it, but I'd never really
use it. So all these questions around SQLite have been lingering in my head, just hadn't gotten to
it to asking them. Yeah, I think to me, if I step back and look at it, there's nothing there that's
meaningfully different yet that would make me use it instead. I think from a, for these companies,
operations-wise, it allows them to do weird things that other companies can't offer like
thousands of databases for a low price. Yeah. But that's like interesting for
the business. It's not interesting for like the end user as much. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yep.
It's okay. AstroDB, I'm a big Astro user. I have not had time to really sink in. I think
we've had access to AstroDB in like some kind of a beta form for a long time and I still haven't
looked at it. So could you please catch me up to speed on AstroDB? Yeah, so AstroDB is built
on top of a torso. Oh, here we are again. Yeah, the layers, the layers, turtle all the way down the
layers. Yeah, so again, they probably get the same question. Why wouldn't I just use this?
This is where I start feeling like house the cards and like I love Astro. So I'm not trying
to throw like shaded Astro, but I start feeling like the number of abstractions on top of, I mean,
you guys deal with this with SST. Like we are so many layers thick now. Sometimes I just worry
that this is a house of cards and it's all just going to collapse and like there's going to be
two layers again. I don't know. It's fine. None of us are learning simply at this point.
I think typically the things that top collapse, the things that are in the middle and the bottom
are kind of here. Yeah, we're good. Yeah. But yeah, so it's okay. So if you step back,
I think Astro went through this thing where like they came out, they got a lot of attention and
people wanted to use it for everything. So they got pulled in a lot of directions. If you look at
what they originally really set out to do is it's actually very simple like kill WordPress.
Right, you want to like work so much of still built on WordPress. If you kill WordPress,
you're like a multi-billion dollar company. That's huge. A big part of WordPress is the fact that
like there was just a database there that came with it and all plugins could use it to sort their
data and the user could use it for the native WordPress features. So just having some sort of
persistence built in. It's like a low level primitive that like enables all these higher things like,
you know, people, there's like plugins that build like a Shopify equivalent inside WordPress,
right? Like people have taken this thing to a crazy place. So to get there,
it is helpful if Astro says most Astro users are using this thing to store their data.
And that I think is a key thing to like allow this ecosystem to pop up. Like someone might drop
in like an Astro Commerce plugin that just like, you know, lets you create products and store them
and all that. So I think right now it's positioned a little low level, like it's a developer tool
because they like integrated drizzle into it. They have like a schema definition language and
all this stuff. But to me, I see it as in the distant future, you're mostly configuring Astro
with the template, adding some plugins. If you have a developer, they can kind of customize
everything, but it's mostly like low code stuff. You see how this database is a key component to it.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
So I think that's where it makes a lot of sense to me. It's I've never considered the Astro replacing
WordPress angle. Is that like a thing they've talked about publicly? Like that that's their angle?
I think I don't know if they talked about it publicly, but I just kind of intuited.
Well, I think it seems that way and Fred has talked about it.
Okay. So it's just so interesting to think about like the Twitter perception of like replacing
WordPress would be like, what? Why would you? Who cares? WordPress is so old. But like the
economic impact of replacing WordPress, like if they actually succeed, it's a huge, huge market.
It's like mostly internet powered by WordPress. So it's funny, like the disconnect. I just
imagine on Twitter, if they were to announce like, we now have this percentage share of WordPress
sites have converted to Astro. It's like, what? Who cares? But it's like actually a huge deal.
A lot of people care. A lot of dollars. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's funny because I think even for
the people working on Astro, that type of thing gets in your head and use your, like, excuse you.
So I think there was a point where on, again, like the way people want to use it in terms
like the Twitter bubble, like they want to use it for all these things that aren't WordPress related.
So I think Astro got pulled into like really exploring that really seeing if that was possible,
like really trying to say like, this is the ultimate framework for everything.
And they did push that far. And I think a lot of that is possible if you want to go that route.
Yeah. But really where their value is, is like these obvious places where obviously you would use
Astro and there's like no reasonable other option. And those tend to be like the WordPress sites,
big public facing sites, documentation sites, is doubling on that and they're back to focusing
on that now. Yeah, it's really interesting now for me to think about where they're headed and
what kind of things will crop up because it does seem like there'd be a pretty leap for somebody
who's run like the WordPress site for years. And that's all they know to like get started
with Astro sounds like a big undertaking still. It still feels like very, yeah, it's very developer
first. I guess is the idea I would think of. So it's interesting to see how I'm very curious to
watch that evolve and turn into something that like small business owner could spin up a site with
Astro like they would with WordPress. Yeah, I think the the order they're doing it in is perfect
because you start with like the most high skill version. Yeah, then you like slowly build up from
there to like just lower effort offerings. And that works well because they can always the trade-off
is the low code, no code thing is restrictive. And if you want to escape out of that, it feels
like shit because it wasn't built in that direction. But because it's built in this direction,
the lower level is actually going to be very nice because that's where they started higher
development, like you could have a developer that knows Astro that could really go anywhere
with it because it started that way. That makes sense. What's the old crusty thing that SST is
competing with? Well, that's, you know, it sucks. What's the word press equivalent?
I think what's interesting and why I'm really motivated and why I find my job interesting
is because we're actually not competing with anything because I really feel like it's like
a new thing that we're suggesting that people drop into their stack. The way I think about it,
the simplest way to explain it is there was a time where no one thought about formatting.
Like formatting your code wasn't like a thing we all automatically did. And at some point,
someone like invented a formatter and they were like, every single project should have
a code formatter built in that's going to format your code and all that. And then it became a thing
that is like a default part of everyone set up now. But I think we're like trying to do something
like that where we're like this type of thing that defines everything your app needs outside
of the code. It's something that should just be in every project. And I know like we're not like
the first to that, like infrastructure's code has been around for a while, but in the form
that we're trying to do. Yeah, like it hasn't fully taken on. I guess there's still a lot of,
especially web developers that just don't understand it's that gap to like they're used to throwing
their thing over the fence to get deployed by some thing or some way teams use these tools
and as well adopt it there. Yeah. Yeah. The formatting thing, I think about that like at least
every month about how I used to have to like think about the format of my code.
So bad. Yeah. And you thought about it, you had opinions of it and then because you had opinions
of it, people have different opinions. Yeah. And people aren't about it. That's not a thing that
happens anymore. Thank you, prettier. And all the other tools in that space, Black used to do some
Python work. It's widely impactful. Like just the reduction of discussion around this and thought.
Yeah. It's like every time you save a file, I'm not thinking about it anymore. It's nice. Although
I will say my new VIN prettier D works about 40% of the time. Yeah, it's my astrophiles. There's
something wrong with the astral SP or something. There's something I do in every astro file or
like 40% of them, 60% of them that causes prettier D to not work prettier works, but prettier D
doesn't. And that's what's incorporated in my new events. Then I have to like run the prettier
format command. It's just a mess. Sorry. I knew them problems. I think you're gonna have to make a
decision. I think I have to pick like, do you want to use Asher or do you want to use Neil VIN?
I guess. I mean, I do wonder that sometimes. Like, am I actually going to install VS Code again and
and just embrace it for my astro development? Well, you can try that Z editor that everyone's like
now. Oh, yeah. Wait, that's newer. Is that going to have a chance at working better with Astro?
I don't know. But I'll try. It's definitely more batteries included type of thing.
Okay. Now I'm curious because I hope he just isn't listening. I mean, I love Neil Bim. Neil Bim's
my favorite, but like I hear about something like Z and it's like when I used to be addicted to
World of Warcraft and I would hear about a new game and it's like, I know I'm never going to play
it because I just play this all the time. It's just like that. It's like Z came out and I was like,
sounds interesting, but I know I'm never going to use it because I just use Neil VIN. But maybe
maybe I could use it. Maybe I could just play with it a little bit. Just a little bit to her.
Just trying. Wait, Z Industries, is this it? Is this the website?
No, it's kind of cool. It's light mode. Z dot dev. No.
Z editor. Yeah. It is Z dot dev. Interesting website. Can I just say, they don't even have dark
mode. It doesn't look like linear. It's got this totally like grid thing going on. It's interesting.
I'm drawn in, but I did not expect to see Z Industries at the top. I'm at the wrong place for sure.
What? You make a code editor. What is the industry part of this?
Anyway, okay, now I'm totally going to download this and try it. Don't tell, don't tell teach.
So did I tell you that I have a Mac now? You have a Mac? I knew you had the iPhone. It started with
the iPhone and they lured you in. Everyone says this. Everyone said that they were like,
you're going to get, you're going to get a, you're going to get an iPhone and you're going to get
a Mac right away. What kind of Mac would talk to me more? Okay, more. It isn't really funny.
So Liz has an iMac and I have my desktop set up, obviously. Linux, by the way,
arch by the way. Of course. Nerd by the way. And my life is great.
I know you believe that. That's so funny to me. You really love your life and I love it for you.
It's an amazing. So it's 10 years of arch that did it for you. Go ahead.
So she's like, okay, I think I want to get a laptop because she likes to work from
coffee shops, whatever. Yeah. And I was like, okay, you know, when we travel,
which we never do, and actually a big part of it is because I don't have a good work set up as a
family. Yeah. My little not trouble. I'm like, you know what, it would actually be good for me to
like solve this so we can, and I have a funny story about this share after about traveling. So,
okay, let's get a laptop. You can use it and then I can use it when we're traveling. So we
have to get a shared laptop, which is kind of funny. But so we're like, okay, what's the best
laptop to get? It is by far a MacBook and it's been that way ever since M chips because nothing
comes close in terms of anything like with laptops with the hardware matters a lot because they're
like carrying them up. Yeah. Yeah. There's battery. There's battery questions. There's performance
questions because you can't just put in the fattest processor ever in there. There's trackpad
things. And across those dimensions, like nobody really comes close to the point where I'm, I care
more about that than the operating system. So we're like, yeah, let's get, we got just the M3,
M3 errors just came out. So we got an M3. Just came out. Yeah. 15 inch. And it's really nice
laptop. Yeah. For me, it doesn't make me a new error, by the way. Oh, nice. Yeah. It's a
no, that champagne color. No, the champagne one. Yeah. No, they're whatever it's called starlight
or whatever. Yeah. But for me, it's great because all I had to do was install a lackety and then
as stated to my server and I'm back to. Oh, because you're just doing all your stuff on your server.
Oh, nice. I'm not really using Mac, but I get to use some of the cool things that I wish
existed on Linux. So Raycast, which I don't think you use. I have it. I never use, I use the confetti
on when I stream. It's like literally the reason I have Raycast. I don't know what it does. I don't
even know what it does. So I'd love to know. It's funny. I'm actually using it to study how far you
can push like the Command K bar concept because obviously in all the products that it is, it's
geared towards that. Yeah. And they like took it where you can kind of, it's like a whole operating
system where you can like build apps inside this thing. Is this like Nix? Is this the thing that
you get into? And then like, that's all you talk about is Raycast. I think so. I'm like not going
that far into it. I'm actually just more curious about their framework and their structure and so
because like it's giving me ideas from like a UX perspective. But I love doing things from my
keyboard. And I think Raycast is great. It's just, it's like you can appreciate how well they
executed on this concept. And if you don't use it to a crazy degree, yeah. They have all this AI
stuff in there now, which is, which is interesting. Oh, really? Yeah. So that, it really, it's just
that. I think there was that in a very similar thing. So you can use that on Linux. It's only on
Mac, I guess. Yeah. It's like built, it's built just for Mac, like with all the Mac native stuff.
I have a bunch of things I want to say. Can I say a few of them and then you can keep going?
First, uh, a laccory, really? Oh, as opposed to what would you use on Linux? I use a laccory
everywhere. So it's a Linux thing. Okay, too. Yeah. Interesting. Well, I don't know. Ghosty is
like, you know, the exclusive. I know. I know it. I know it's cool. You say exclusive. I mean,
you had to get invited. I'm just saying, but it's not like I got a personal invitation
from Mitchell. It was just how many I'm going to go get a personal invitation. You can go get a
personal one. I'm going to send it to you. Okay. Yeah. To make you feel bad. I'm not going to install
it. Just download it. Setting it in your downloads folder. The other thing I want to say is on Mac
hardware or Apple hardware, the, I used to work at Best Buy in the Geek Squad and people bring in
their computers that are broken that they bought at Best Buy and we fix them. And at least like
six to 10 times a day, someone would bring in a laptop that's like a Dell or like a Toshiba
or whatever. And it would be the exact same issue every time where the power cord has wiggled
too much because they bump it into stuff and we have to send it off to the service center to
replace the motherboard because literally that thing can't like you can't just like fix the port.
And so that their laptop wouldn't charge anymore because it got wiggled too much too loose and now
a whole motherboard replacement. Apple with MagSafe, you don't have that issue. And that's like the
one thing that I cared about on Apple and then they got rid of it for a while, which was annoying,
but they brought it back. It's the best invention that's ever been invented in computing, transistor,
whatever. Like we're talking MagSafe. You just pull it and it just snaps off because it's a magnet.
It's brilliant. There's no like loosening. It's all hard and sturdy. And anyway, that's why you
buy Mac. Is it like crazy patented? Like why isn't that just copied to hell? I don't know. Yeah,
that's a great question. And why did they go away from it? And like they just did the, they were
like, well, all you need is USB-C ports. And they went way too far with that. And I guess that was
the reason to not have MagSafe, but I'm so glad it's back. It's the best. Yeah. Yeah, it's great.
So you're an Apple, you're Mac OS now. Or are you going to put Mac OS on your on your desktop now?
No, that's actually kind of dead. I don't think that what's dead putting Mac operating systems on
desktop. Okay, go ahead. Okay. So I think there's a few interesting things here. One, I think the,
I think in the past, Apple's OS was so good that you bought their hardware to have access to the OS.
I think it flipped now where their hardware is so good. You're like, I want the end chips.
I'm down to use whatever OS they're giving me. It's good, right? But like it's not the primary
draw. So putting the OS on my desktop, there's not really an upside to the exit. I don't get
the hardware and the hardware is what I care about. And then two, they have their own chips now. So
they sold the last Mac Pro, the Intel-based Mac Pro. I think they're finally like marked it as,
we're not selling these anymore, which means in X amount of years, three, four years,
I think the Mac Pro will support it for five years or something. They have no reason to ship
Intel-based Mac OS, which is key to getting a working off of Mac hardware. So I think in the
future, installing Mac OS on non-Apple hardware is basically going to zero.
Yeah. You know what, operating systems don't matter. And I don't mean that in like a Twitter
contrarian way. I just mean, I've always thought like, it doesn't really come up that much. The
thing that matters is it's in my browser window. That's what I use. It's like whatever is inside
that pane. But like the operating system is so little part of my usage of a computer. I don't
know. I guess there's certain apps that if you've been on Linux for 10 years, you know that you
don't just get everything that everyone else gets. And I guess if you're like a gamer and you're like,
well, it can't run on Mac, well, whatever. If you're just like writing code and being a programmer
or being an internet citizen in 2024, you're operating systems such a little part. Like I see
all these announcements for like all the new stuff. And I haven't updated the latest Mac OS,
whatever it is, an Elma or whatever. I just don't care. What is it? Like something in finder change?
I don't care. I don't know. I think operating systems are overrated. Like the fact that it's
still a thing people market and like innovate on and whatever. And it just feels pointless. I don't
know. Like I said, for me, on my desktop, I really need good window management. And I haven't been
able to recreate that on Mac OS. I think you tried. Sorry, go ahead. I mean, I tried with this laptop
a little bit. I'm down to try further. I mean, if you tried the the Yabai, yeah, which it's such a
pain to install, like the installation, which I guess there's reasons. But if it wasn't so hard
to install, I yell about it. It feels like Apple doesn't want you using it. That's what it feels
like to me. It's like you're jailbreaking your computer is what it feels like to me. So there's
that. And then I obviously game. So I'm always going to have a Windows machine for that. Yeah,
when do you win? Do you game? Oh, you don't have kids. Like when it seems like all you guys game
and like all my friends in the programming space are gaming. And I'm like, when do you even win?
What prime has kids?
Prime has kids. When does he use wakes up at four AM to play? Okay, that yeah, I guess if you're
really into it, they just get up earlier. Okay, interesting. I don't play that much in that often.
And it comes in waves. So I can see myself still doing it occasionally. Yeah, when I have kids,
because it's just it's like an hour or two. I really didn't mean it as like a productivity
shaming or whatever. Like, no, no, no. Do you find time? I'm just busy being productive all the time.
It's not sick. All goes back to like my, I feel guilty.
Priorities change too. Yeah. Yeah, I just it's like relieving Casey is my number one priority in life.
It's like as soon as I'm done working every day, I am with the kids and letting her do what she
wants to do. So yeah, yeah, that doesn't leave a lot of time for anything. That makes sense.
I do watch one movie every weekend, but now I'm feeling guilty about that. She was like,
you got up early to watch a movie this morning. I'm like, yeah. She found out. She found out what
you were doing. Yeah. Yeah, she was like, wait, you you got up at five to watch that before the
kids got up like, yes, I did, because I want to watch one movie per week. I have a nice theater
and I want to watch a movie every week. I didn't watch what you suggested. I watched something
else. I'll talk about it. Would you watch? I just want to know what you watch. Tinker Taylor,
Soldier Spy. Oh, yeah. That movie is really hard to understand. I'm so confused. I don't
I still don't know what happened. I'm not going to watch like three times. Yeah. It's weird,
because I think I watched it. So I've seen it twice. And the first time I understood it,
and the second time I had no idea what the hell was going on. So I feel like, like, did I literally
get dumber? I watched it like five years later. And I was like, this is what happened to this movie.
And I did feel like it was a good movie. It's one of those, like, you feel like you're the problem.
Like, no, this is my fault. You guys did a great job, but this is not what I'm too dumb.
But then you read a lot of people are too dumb. So I don't know. Yeah. I borrow on that.
So in that category, so do you see what I was posting about? I got a projector screen yesterday.
Oh, yeah. Oh, you've just got the project. Oh, the screen you just got. You had the projector.
I've had like a four K short ultra short throw projector for years now, and we've loaded it
because it's traveled with us when we used to put time between New York and Miami.
And we've always found a wall to throw it on. And it was like, I'm using and we love it.
And we had it in our other house against in the bedroom. It's kind of where we watched
almost everything, like 80% of what we watch was on there. And then in this new bedroom,
we moved and we're like, there's like no good wall in this bedroom to put this on,
because we have these two huge double doors that lead out to the backyard, which we love.
Yep. But that's where the wall would have been. So we're like, let's get a screen.
So we got a screen. We mounted it above the door. So like, it comes down in front of the doors.
We want to use it and it goes back up. And holy shit, that's a good place to put a retractable
screen is in front of the door. Because it's like, you're in there. You don't need the door anymore.
Unless you have to stand and knock in the screen and knock it over. Yeah.
Anyway, door locks. Oh, there you go. Convenient in the bedroom. This ago was confused.
He was like trying to go outside and was like, what the fuck? You're like snipping the projector
screen door shut. Where'd the door go? Yeah. And wow, the quality difference is insane.
Like it looks almost as good as my old TV now, like the blacks and everything, like getting a
like a good projector screen made specifically for the type of projector you have. I was blown away.
So I did a bunch of projector screen research and I got this thing.
And I also discovered they have floor raising ones now. Have you seen these?
Floor raising production screens that come out of the floor.
So you have a fixed screen because you have a dedicated room, right? It's just a rectangle.
How big is it, the screen? Oh, I should know this. I'm basically a theater installer at this point.
I think it's 140 inches. That's what I assumed. Yeah. Okay.
So and that's fixed. You have dedicated room for it. But they have these ones now that are like,
it's just a good horizontal bar. And you can install it like if you have a living room,
you have a media console, you can put it kind of behind the media console on the ground.
And it comes up from the ground and it's perfectly tensioned.
So and then the and then you have the short throw projector on the media console. So it lines up
perfectly. Yep. So you can now have this like 100 inch screen that's completely hidden in your
living room when you're not using it. And for me, I like, I knew this was possible, but
I didn't know the quality was so good. But the quality is, yeah, it is. It is like, I can't
understand this. Like it's having a good screen with it. Like it's incredible.
What's the cost comparison? I haven't priced a TV in forever.
It's like more expensive. Well, I mean, more expensive than a TV. Well, if you're trying to
get a 100 inch. Oh, yeah, you can spend like $100,000 on a giant TV, but like, yeah, a normal TV that
people buy like at Best Buy. It's more expensive than that, but it's also a lot larger. Yeah, I would
say like a really good OLED TV that's like 65, 75 inches is probably like 4k 4 to 5k. That's confusing
because that's also a resolution. Let's say $4,000 to $5,000. Yeah.
You can go cheaper, obviously, but I think you want to get like, if you want to like push that,
the projector itself is going to be around that price and the screen is like can be pretty expensive
to like a couple thousand there. So it's going to be more expensive. But, you know, me and Liz,
at this point, we never use our TV in the living room. It's just kind of like taking up space on our
wall. Yeah. It's like the TVs look don't look bad. We've given out thin they are, but we don't.
Yeah, we don't have a TV in any of our living spaces. We have one in our bedroom and we have
our theater, but we kind of decided in this house, like we don't need one. Like we don't watch in
the living room. Like it's not a thing we're going to do. Yeah. So yeah. So the next time we like go
and like really like figure out or set up again, I think I'm like out on TVs. I'd never watch them
during the day. Even if you do watch them during the day, the short throw projectors, since the light
comes from the bottom, the screens are optimized. They're like textured in a way where they ignore
light coming from any other angle than from directly underneath. So if you're in a bright room,
it still looks very good. And then again, the fact that you can like roll down and be completely
invisible, if it's in like, yeah, it's pretty on dedicated room. Like some of the some of the
videos I saw set up with that like, yeah, everyone should be doing this. Like it's the room looks
way nicer without this like huge screen just mounted on the wall permanently. That makes sense.
Yeah, we've got the theater. So I could go on and on about projectors and screens.
And yeah, all kinds of things. But but for the living room, that's awesome. Yeah, yeah.
And it's also kind of obvious because like obviously movie theaters use projectors still. So the best
of the best is still a projector. Yeah, I guess the big draw the big knock on them was and you got
ahead of it. But the the light like if it's ambient, like there's a bunch of daylight in the room,
it's harder to see. But yeah, if they've gotten better with that, and it makes sense that the
short throw would be better at that, I would think. Yeah, we also never watched TV during the day.
And that's a good lifestyle thing. Yeah. Yeah, we watched stuff every the kids go to bed at night.
That's if we ever watch anything, that's what it would be. So yeah, at this point, I'm like,
I guess I just I'm probably never going to buy a TV again. This is just a bad option.
End of an era. Dax isn't buying TVs anymore. He's buying Mac books. What is this world that we
live in now? Yeah, this is like me switching into serverless. Like I have all these smart
training reasons, but really I just wanted to change. Yeah, right after I put all this effort
in mounting that TV, like perfectly centered at the exact right height. We just haven't just.
That's funny. That's fun. The second thing I wanted to tell you about is the traveling
thing I was talking about earlier. So me and Liz have not traveled at all since we like started
dating and now we're married. We basically haven't traveled like meaningfully, like we haven't like
gone on vacation really. Oh, on vacation. Okay. Yeah. So they say you brought her like you guys both
came to me and we flew places together before, but we've never like taken a vacation together.
Yeah. Yeah. Vacation. Gotcha. You're gonna laugh. I can't wait to tell you this. So
because we got together, then COVID happened, then we got really busy with work and like just
it just hasn't been like a thing that we wanted to spend money on. And so we'd like never went
on the honeymoon. You know, if we got married, which is pretty common, right? That's not like.
Yeah, it's not the weirdest thing, but it came into the late honeymoon. Yeah, continue. I knew
where this is headed. That's why. Yeah. I'm like, okay, we just have to, we have to travel. Like,
we have to do it. Like we need to go spend much money and like actually travel. I've like literally
never been to Europe. I haven't been in a lot of places. Yeah, same. So I was like, you know what
I'm going to do? I got wind that Bitcoin halving was coming up. Like, you know, like the rate it
comes out. Yeah, the halving. Yeah, very rare. Yeah. And I was like, let me just let me just
buy a lottery ticket. So I bought this is a funny part. So I bought so there's a company called
MicroStrategy. I'm sure you've come across this ever for. Yeah, Michael. Michael Saylor is run by
is the company doesn't do anything anymore, except by Bitcoin. It's all it does. All it does is buy
Bitcoin infinitely. And his is like really crazy hack to like do it basically for free. But they're
publicly traded. So you can like buy stock in this company. So it's like a weird hack to publicly buy
Bitcoin in like a normal market. And they also sell options against it. And if you're not aware,
options, the only thing you need to be aware of is you can risk a lot more and make a lot more
with options. So I bought a bunch of options a few weeks ago, into into MicroStrategy. Yep.
And literally two days later, they were up like 400%. It was insane. And I made like almost 15k.
That's amazing. In a couple weeks now. And we just we like sold it all. And we took the profits
and we're just going to spend it on a vacation on a vacation. And we're going to go to Spain,
Barcelona specifically, and South of France, which is nearby.
We're going to finally have our honeymoon because of this random Bitcoin thing that happens.
That's amazing. You never hear the success story on like person invest in thing thing goes up.
They actually sell it. They watch it go back down. Yeah, all the greed was kicking in. And I was
like, I'm just going to go to the moon. I've had this driving thing of like a thing you want to
do to go on a honeymoon. And like we haven't done this and we put this off for so long. So like,
that kind of forced me to force me to sell. I still have some, I still have some in it.
And it's up. Okay, I'm looking at my thing. It's up $8,000 today.
So cheese. Well, the halving is still a little bit away, right? So where are you thinking like
you're going to time it with like you're investing now and then selling after having everyone knows
it's coming up. So everyone is just kind of priced in maybe it just keeps. Yeah. But like,
I've just seen this enough times where I know it goes up. Yeah, the one around when this happens
for no reason. And like the Fed minutes were yesterday and they like said they're not going to hike.
And that like, Oh, what's the Yeah, I haven't heard the latest on interest rates.
They're not they're not cutting them yet. But they're also not hiking them.
Not hiking them. Okay. Like the market is up the last two days a bunch because then obviously
Bitcoin is up, which it should be the opposite, which is how funny broken it is. But Bitcoin is
up as well. So I was trying to have been scrolling Twitter for three minutes now just trying to find
somebody is in in Paris right now, France. I saw the Eiffel Tower on my Twitter. Yeah,
Vic Vic isn't. Is that what it is in Paris? It's funny because he didn't say it mentioned it at
all. And all of a sudden you just keep seeing these pictures that seem like they're in France. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Because he's talking about the bakery. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I remember when he said
something to me and I was like, Oh, I didn't mean it that way. And he's like, I need to go to sleep.
And I was like, well, it's like two in the afternoon. What do you mean? I figured it out
later. Like, Oh, he's in Europe. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't think we're going to go to Paris.
I think we're going to stay by the ocean at the on this other side. But South France. Is that like
less touristy? Are you trying to go for like an edgy? You would do like an edgy vacation where you're
like, we don't go to the places you would go to normal people. I don't like, I don't like going
to stuff. Yeah, that makes sense. I also don't like it. Most people don't. It's like everyone feels
like they have to because you're supposed to. What do you do? You take a picture of it? Like,
I could find a million pictures of it right now on my phone. I basically and this is the same.
We just like pretending like we live somewhere. Like we like to go there and like pretend to have
like a normal day there. Rent a house in the village and just like, what would it be like?
Actually, I can relate to that. We when we went to Maui, we stayed not on like the West Coast where
all the resorts, Lahaina and all that. Yeah, all the resorts. We just stayed in an Airbnb in the
middle of Maui. And it was like this little town that had this, it was like this health food store
that's really famous there. And we want to stay in that town and just like go to the store every
day and see what it felt like. So we did that for a week. It was nice, but it's also hot and
no air conditioning. Turns out hotels are pretty nice. Yeah. People are slowly realizing that
about Airbnb. They're like, you know what? Yeah, someone clean up and having like people clean
up the room and the towels and all that. Like, it's kind of nice. A lot of basically the same price.
So yeah. Yeah. So we liked it. When are you going? Did you say when? No, we were going to
plug in a book everything this weekend. We don't know when like it's like peak. Anytime we want to
go as like peak pricing season. But thanks to Bitcoin, maybe we don't need to care. Hey, maybe
it's amazing. There's like three, I got to book three flights for April. And it's not me. Well,
it's like I've got a work thing at the beginning of the month. It's literally like me and Casey are
tagging. So I go somewhere for three days, literally at the very beginning of the month.
And then when I get home, Casey leaves the next day for a week for a volleyball camp. And when she
gets home two days later, I go to Miami for React Miami. So it's like, we are not going to see each
other for the month of April. I guess the end of April. But yeah, it's like we never go anywhere.
And now we're going everywhere at once. Yeah. Yeah. And one furious month. Yeah. Like we were
looking at tickets and the per like insanely cheap tickets happen to be like the week before
React Miami. And we're like, ah, that's too much. We can't do it. That's like, because you're like
hosting a party. Yeah, like people are saying. So I don't know, maybe we haven't decided anything
yet. But maybe we'll do it back to that. And my brother's graduating at the end of April. So we
have to go to Indiana. Oh, wow. That's random. Why don't we get into the video roots? Is that a
college roots? Yeah. My brother is in college. Oh, okay. I was thinking high school, like lives
with your family in Indiana. Like what your parents live in Indiana? No, I got an Indian. That's
different. Like Indians moved to America. They're like, I guess Indiana, you got to pick a place.
That's funny. Is that how it was named? I mean, obviously not for my kind of Indian,
but for like native. I have no idea. They were like, this place is really Indian, Indiana. That was
happened. Oh, man. It's so unsophisticated. It's so unsophisticated. That's funny.
Well, it's funny because a lot of stuff is just like when you think when we go to name
anything now, it's like this big high effort process of like, what do we want this to convey?
But so many places are named for such a dumb reason. It's like, I live in coconut growth.
And literally, the only reason it's called this, and it's actually a nice stunning name,
right? It sounds like, oh, like, no, whatever. But some guy, one of this area was completely
unsettled. He was like trying to like rig something where he like got like ownership
of all of the land. And he was doing his weird hack of like incorporating a post office here.
Like it was like filing for permits for post office. So he just made up coconut growth
because he happened to see two coconuts. And he misspelled it. He spelled it C O C O A like cocoa,
cocoa, yeah, grove. And he followed for a post office thing. And like his plan didn't work out.
So he just bailed. And then like it technically was on record as being called coconut growth.
So it's just cocoa, coconut. Yeah, I think they they fix that. But yeah, there's some older signs
around that still say, cocoa and that girl. Wow. Yeah, most places are named after like
some geographical feature, I don't know, waterbend or something.
Well, you're a spring. I grew up in Willow Springs. Pretty sure that was like, there's a
willow tree by the spring, Willow Springs, spring field. Yeah, interesting. There was probably spring
in a field. It's so dumb. The Ozarks are ridiculous. Mountain Grove. Wow. All of them,
mountain grove. People love the word grove. They throw the word grove on onto anything. It sounds
fancy. Yeah, it does sound fancy. I feel like there's a restaurant with grove in it that I like.
My parents neighborhood was called Windmere Grove, just like some vaguely British sounding
like rich thing. Windmere. That's like, oh, yeah. I feel like I cost a lot of money to live there
just immediately. It's funny you go there. It's just like the typical neighborhood with like 300
houses, five models, just copy pasted over and over, you know, I've got to I've got to go to Europe.
I'm so jealous that you're going to Europe, the baby never been there. No, my brother. So my
brother's a pilot because you've never left Missouri. I have left Missouri. You keep trying to spread
this rumor. I love when you get something in your head where you're like, I'm going to make this a
thing and you keep saying it. I've been all over the place. I'm quite a traveler, just not to Europe.
My brother is a captain with Delta just recently. And he, they went to Europe. He can just fly to
Europe. Him and his wife just went on a vacation for free to Europe, not like he was the pilot.
Like he can just, he just could ride on any Delta flight. Yeah, he'd jump on.
That's so awesome. Yeah. It's just amazing. That is really cool.
That's such a crazy perk. Oh, yeah. What a crazy, because it's such an expensive thing to fly around.
To be able to do that for free and to have like a buddy pass and all that. Like once he gets
more senior and he can choose those, because those are the ones people want at the long like
international flights, like pilots, the most senior people fly those international flights.
Then he could just be flying those legs and it's like vacation all the time as part of your work,
you're going to these cool places. I don't know. Yeah, that is really cool.
What are his roots now? Where does he generally go? You know, within the U.S.
Yeah, it's all domestic. I think so. Okay. Oh, I say that. I don't know. I shouldn't ask him.
What he's doing lately, because it's the last time I talked to him, it was totally different.
Like he, he used to be with American and then he moved to Delta and started over and
so he flies a lot out of Atlanta now. That's all. It turns out he's like in Japan right now and
you have no idea. Yeah, right. He's flying all the international legs. I don't know what I'm talking
about. We're getting out of gas car. I don't know if it was always as expensive, but
man, traveling is really expensive and I'm surprised that so many people do it.
I know. How is everyone affording to do this all the time? I think about this with lots of
things because like we've done pretty well. We live in a really cheap area. I've made a high income
for like 15 years and I feel like I see people do stuff and I'm like, how can they afford to do
that? Like I would never do that and like we're pretty well off, but how do so many people do it?
Yeah. There's certain things in American culture that are like normal and it's like that's,
they have travel. Super expensive. Yeah, it's weird. But maybe it's just because it's Twitter. We see
everybody. I don't know where you're seeing people travel, but we see like everybody and like maybe
that's the only time they've ever traveled or maybe they don't do it very often at all, but it feels
like now. I think everyone that I generally, most people at me are more traveled than I am.
Like, most people have been to more places than I have. Same, but I'm like smarter than them.
So that's why because you've not spent your money traveling, right? That's smart.
Yeah. So I'm just like, everyone's just traveling all the time. And then when I go to do it, I'm like,
yeah, I'm not like going to do multiple of these every year. Like that's crazy. Maybe they like
travel in a different way where it's like more, I don't know, but there's no getting around the
flights. The flights are always in like half the cost of everything. So yeah, yeah, if I guess like,
uh, my brain just shut off. I don't think it's ever happened on the podcast where like,
I had a thought and it just literally went somewhere else. It's completely gone. I can't,
I can't think of what it was. What were we talking about? It's just like a stroke.
I literally don't know what we were just talking about. Were we talking about travel?
Traveling and how expensive it is. Yeah. It wasn't like the thought got replaced with another thought.
It was like, yeah, it was like, I literally had nothing in my brain. I feel like I died for a
second. That was weird. It happens. Don't worry. You're probably not dying. The case he like talks
about, uh, she's going to get me checked out for my memory, like all the time. But we, we talked
about it before, I think like every wife feels this way about. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. I don't
remember that. See more evidence. I've got to get to check that. What are they going to check?
They're going to just like a brain scan. I don't know. Yeah. What do they scan your brain and look
for the memory center? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't think about. Oh man.
Speaking of brain scan, did you see the, uh, neural link thing? No. I mean, I know I've heard of
neural link, but something happened. Okay. So here's a, here's why I find hilarious. So a couple
weeks ago, or maybe a couple of months ago, there was news that somebody, a human got the first
neural link and plant in their brain. What? Okay. That's a reaction we all had. We're all like,
that's so crazy. Like it must, like what a crazy thing to do. And, uh, it must be some like crazy
guy that's like so obsessed with becoming a robot. We're, we all had this like stereotype of what
we imagined that this person was. Yep. And they put out a video yesterday. Do you know who it was?
Can you guess who who it's a person that we would know who it is? We all had this expectation of
this to be some like crazy sci-fi of this person. It was a person that was paralyzed from neck down.
Oh, this thing gave them the ability to use a computer. They can like use them on a computer with
their, with their brain. And they was like playing like chess on a computer. And I'm like, wow,
we all saw this as like some crazy like early adopting extreme. Yeah. But like it has this
crazy practical place where it makes total sense, massive impact on this person's life and makes
total sense for, for them. It's not like this weird like wild idea. Yeah. So he said the first
telekinetic human. Isn't that insane? That's really cool. I need to learn more about the
neural link stuff. Like what they're actually capable of doing. Is it mostly just like peripheral,
you become like a peripheral for your computer? Or is there other stuff you can control? I think
because the videos I've seen before was a monkey playing Pong, I think with, with this brain. Yeah.
And I think so. Yeah. I think right now monkeys can play Pong. Like they're smart enough to like
follow the little ball around. Yeah. They teach them to play Pong with the joystick and they slowly
remove the joystick with the month was implemented. Yeah. That's impressive. And they like give it
treats whenever it, it scores or whatever. It's not monkey. It's I think it's a chimpanzee.
So, oh, let's be politically correct here. Yeah. Don't offend someone is a fit in that.
On Twitter. Now they have neural link. They might be getting online. Who knows?
We're going to be joined. Not the only species on Twitter.
So it's a yeah, it's really crazy. And I'm like, wow, this is this is going to make such a huge
impact. And what I think it's amazing about the human brain. I'm so glad it works this way.
And there's been so much research that has our experiments that have proved this.
You can incorporate new senses to feel native in your brain. So like beyond the five senses,
there's new things we could sense. Yeah, like if you get like a new like they've done this where
they've taken blind people and they've put like a like a electrode array on their tongue and they
have like projected images by like stimulating the senses in their tongue. And eventually the
person has an intuitive sense of like what it looks like. Wow. The thing that they're being shown.
Yeah, so your brain can like incorporate new like, it's like, you know, like a USB port,
like you, your brain develops a driver for it eventually. So that's such a good
person with drivers. Yeah. For this person, moving the mouse starts to feel like a natural
thing that they can do it to them. It probably feels like they have telekinesis. Like it doesn't
feel like, yeah, I'm like manipulating this thing. That's what I mean to do is just feels like
I'm natively controlling the mouse, which is really wild. And like it's crazy what that
potentially means in the future. I wish I could experience it. Like I just wonder like,
are you thinking? Are you thinking like, I'm moving my mouse to that? Or are you just looking?
Like what? No, it's not that it's like, it's not that you're thinking I'm moving the mouse.
It's you feel it's like skipping that step. I think I can kind of like relate this to other things.
You know how I'm sure you took some language class in high school?
Do they have other languages? I think two years of Spanish. Yeah. And in the Ozarks, it turns out.
Like I've heard of other languages before. When you were in that class and you read something
in Spanish, there was a step in your brain where you translate it to English first,
and then to understand it the other way around you like thought of it English first and you
translated to Spanish to say it. You see how eventually if you get good enough with the language,
that stops being the process and you just start like a two to the understanding of Spanish.
Yeah. There's no translation step. It's like, it's kind of like that.
Yeah. Appon Mac that worked through the Rosetta thing versus like native.
Yeah, exactly. No translation. Yeah. So I think that's where you get to and your brain is capable
of doing that with new inputs. You're totally going to get this chip in your brain, aren't you?
As soon as you can. Actually, yeah, why not? Yeah. I don't know. Like like, this is messed up, but
whenever I think about like, oh, if I'm in an accident, I like, when I lose my foot,
I'm like, I'm kind of excited about that because I kind of want like a bionic foot.
A prosthetic foot. You want to be a robot.
You know, ones that are like springy? The curve like this? They're like an athletic advantage.
Yeah. So I've always been very close to dunking. I've been like, if I could jump like
one or two inches higher, I could dunk. I've never had a satisfying dunk. And with this thing,
I think you get there. I was buying a dunk. Is that a fake foot? Oh, that's awesome.
Would it feel a little cheaper, though, if you ducked with your fake foot?
No, I don't care about that. You don't care. I love cheating.
It feels even better. You're tall. Can you dunk? I can't jump anymore.
I mean, I don't think I haven't tried. Yeah, I'm sure my vertical has gone down a lot as well.
Yeah. I think that's like way more so than other things. Vertical and like speed, like sprinting speed.
Seems to deteriorate quickly. We were just running around in the yard the other day playing tag,
and I felt so slow. I remember feeling so fast and high school, and I feel like at 37,
it's gone. I feel like I'm strong. I can still be strong if I want at 37, but fast and big vertical.
No, probably not. Yeah, I know. It's what kind of sucks. Like, so growing up, I was very good at
jumping. I could jump extremely high and far and everything. And that was like, you're not like
super tall. So it's surprising. Like, if you're close to dunking, that's, that's a vertical.
Like my angle for being good at sports. Like any sport that I involved, any kind of jumping,
like I always outreadbound people and I was like, jump over people out there. I was like,
the way I was good at it. And now I feel like actually be good at the sport. Because I can't,
I don't have the old man, like the old man tricks. You got to start getting all like,
likely. Yeah. And I remember when I would, when I would play ultimate in high school,
we'd play in the summer with these guys that were older occasionally.
And I would always think like, wow, like they're always in the right place at the right time. Like,
they're just so smart about their positioning. I'm like, I have to go do that now.
It is really, it's crazy. Maybe you should bust out cleats for when you're playing tag in the
back there. I'm probably still got some lace them up. It's on. Yeah. I guess I probably didn't
throw away. That's funny. Yeah. But yeah, I'm stronger than I'd ever been in my whole life.
I'm not stronger than I've ever been. I was just talking about this with my personal trainer.
I wish I were. I feel like old man strength is a thing. And I've just slacked off enough in adulthood.
Or maybe I just got really in high school. I was like three years of varsity football. Like,
it was like a lot of weight training, right? Like, I was bench. I think I maxed like 290,
which pisses me off so much. That's so crazy. But I got so close to 300, but I didn't bench 300.
And now it's like, I have to start over and like, I'm trying to get that goal in life.
I could squat a ton. I can't remember what I squatted, but my squat was way more impressive
than I bench, power clean, all those things. I was really strong in high school. And it kind of,
it's really disappointing to think about like, an 18 year old me could have beat me up.
I'm so much weaker than I was when I was a baby. Like, just how little we were in high school.
It just seems crazy. Like, I should be stronger. But yeah, I'm not. I'm still going to, I'm going
to be working my way up again. Well, he couldn't beat you up because now you have training in
Jiu Jitsu. That's true. I would pull on the ground. Yeah. I'm a wiper, four and stripe people.
Okay. I know things. I know some things about Jiu Jitsu. Yeah. I think you can beat a 18 year old
self. Yeah, maybe. I think most people have a different experience than you. I think it's more
some of my experience where when I was young, I played a lot of sports and we'd always like,
but I never played like football. So like, yeah, we had to go do weight training, but like, we never
like to get that serious. It wasn't super serious. Yeah. All we had was football, football and basketball.
Like, we didn't have wrestling. We didn't have ultimate Frisbee. Are you kidding me? You had
like ultimate Frisbee is that organized sport you could play. Well, I was invented in like,
in New Jersey. So it was kind of really big there. Yeah. We literally had like the three sports play
with the MKBHD. I think I told you this, right? Oh, yeah. That's crazy. I could picture you two out
there throwing the Frisbee around. It's not really physical. It's a weirdly physical sport.
Really? Because there's no referees and you're all like teenagers and like full of like anger.
Yeah. So it gets pretty physical. It was fun though. But yeah, so like now I can't play sports.
All I have is like, I can't play sports as much. Like I don't have much time and it's not as fun
because I'm not as good at it. So all I have now is like weight training. So I'm way stronger now
than I then I've ever been in my life. Have you considered Jiu Jitsu? Have you considered the martial
arts? Because you say you can't play sports and I feel the same way. But Jiu Jitsu has brought
that back to me. It feels like I'm making up for last time. Okay. So no, it's not that I can't
play sports. I still do and I enjoy that more than I would martial arts. It is not my thing. I get
it and I see how it's fun and I see why people like it. But I really like team sports. Like I
that's like one of the biggest reasons why I enjoy sports. Like the team aspect of it and like
executing stuff as a team. So that's big for me. And I love like, yeah, I think when I see Jiu Jitsu,
it's like really intense and focused and precise. Whereas sports tend to have like these like
like downtime and like moments of uptime and downtime and moments of like it's like,
yeah. So I think I tend to like like that a little bit more. Okay.
Well, trash, milky. There's just a growing coalition and the techs are going to all your friends are
going to be Jay used to do to also did he really? Yeah. I keep finding out about people that used
to do Jiu Jitsu. And that makes me sad because that means like there's a shelf life here. I'm
eventually going to stop and I'm going to be one of those people that have used to do Jiu Jitsu.
Feels like a thing I want to do forever. But I know it's going to stop. But why did he stop?
Why did Jay stop? Well, it's not something to do with Jiu Jitsu. It's like this with everything.
Like how many things have seasons of life used to stream on Twitch? That's true. Hey,
I'm supposed to do a bunch of seasons of life. Speaking of seasons, I need to move on to a
different season of this day. I think it's time to eat food. I haven't eaten. I actually haven't
eaten in 24 hours. I fast a lot lately because of Jiu Jitsu. It's just introduced so many positive
habits. Why are you fasting because of Jiu Jitsu? I mean, I'm cutting. I've got a competition in
two weeks. I guess there are a lot of bulking and cutting these days, which is mostly just
I don't eat for two weeks before my competition could fit in the back of the living.
It's pretty fun. I forgot when I was in or when I stopped. I was keto for like three months and I
dropped a bunch in weight. I'm going in the opposite direction where I'm trying to gain as much weight
as possible. I'm on a going up phase. It's hard to eat. If you're weight training and you're trying
to build mass, it's really hard to eat enough of what you need. I mean, I'm going to say protein,
but it triggers me to the word. It's impossible to eat enough protein. It's so hard. Anyone who
says it's not is lying because it isn't possible. If you really get how much you should get for
building strength and mass, it's like a full-time job. You're just basically always eating. It sucks.
Yeah. It is impossible. It's so filling. Protein is so filling. Anything you're eating that's high
protein is like you don't want to eat again. If I eat 50 grams of protein with breakfast and
I'm like, I don't need lunch or dinner. I'm good. I know. And I need another 150 or whatever. It sucks.
Yeah. If you actually measure it out, everyone's not getting enough protein.
Oh, yeah. Well, in terms of building strength, most people like my wife, people that don't care,
they're fine. There's no medical term for not getting enough protein.
It's just like you're malnourished. You're not eating enough. But if you're trying to build
strength and do these stupid athletic things, it's way harder. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well,
this was long. I feel like I'm going to stop saying that. It's an hour and 20, whatever. It is what
it is. We're slowly inching up. Our average has been inching up slowly. And then eventually,
we'll be at Joe Rogan levels. Yes. Four hour podcasts. You're ready. All right. All right. See you next.